feat(lib2): Setup code-base for lib 2 (#16)
amosproj/amos2023ws03-gui-frame-diff: DifferenceGenerator/README.md

# AbstractDifferenceGenerator Class

The `AbstractDifferenceGenerator` class is an abstract class
for generating differences between two videos. 
This class allows you to extend it to create your own 
difference generator by implementing the required methods. 

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you get started, make sure you have the following installed:

- Java
- Gradle

### Installation

1. Clone the project repository to your local machine
2. Change your working directory to the project folder
3. Build the project using `gradle build`
4. Run the project using `gradle run`

### Initialization

> Your video generator should extend the `AbstractVideoGenerator` class. You can then initialize your video generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your video generator should extend the `AbstractDifferenceGenerator` class. You can then initialize your difference generator.
```

Author: sure thing
